﻿﻿Kafka is an open source flow processing platform developed by the Apache software foundation, written by Scala and Java. Kafka is a high-throughput distributed publishing subscription messaging system that handles all the action flow data on a consumer-sized web site. This movement (web browsing, search and other user actions) is a key factor in many social functions on the modern web. These data are usually addressed by processing log and log aggregation due to throughput requirements. This is a viable solution for logging data and offline analysis systems like Hadoop, but also for real-time processing restrictions. Kafka's purpose is to unify online and offline message processing through the parallel loading mechanism of Hadoop, and to provide real-time consumption through clustering.Cloudopt Next provides the plug-in for Kafka, which you only need to configure in the configuration file and start the plug-in.Please refer to the corresponding dependency before use. If you have not inherited the cloudopt-next parent, add the version number yourself.````xml<dependency>    <groupId>net.cloudopt.next</groupId>    <artifactId>cloudopt-next-kafka</artifactId></dependency>````````yamlnet:  cloudopt:    next:      web:        packageName: "net.cloudopt.next.kafka.test"      kafka:        servers: "PLAINTEXT://127.0.0.1:9092"````````kotlinfun main(args: Array<String>) {    CloudoptServer.addPlugin(KafkaPlugin())    CloudoptServer.run(TestCase::class)}````````javafun main(args: Array<String>) {    CloudoptServer.addPlugin(KafkaPlugin());    CloudoptServer.run(TestCase.class);}````After the configuration is complete, information can be sent via KafkaManager.````kotlinKafkaManager.send(topic, key, value)````Any class that implements the KafkaListener interface and places the @autokafka annotation will automatically monitor the theme name set in @autokafka.````kotlin@AutoKafka("test-topic")class TestKafka:KafkaListener {    override fun listener(record: KafkaConsumerRecord<String, Any>) {        println(record.topic())        println(record.key())        println(record.value())    }}````````java@AutoKafka("test-topic")public class TestKafka implements KafkaListener {    @Override    public void listener(@NotNull KafkaConsumerRecord<String, Object> record) {        System.out.println(record.topic());        System.out.println(record.key());        System.out.println(record.value());    }}````You can also make more Settings in the configuration file.| Name     | Default| Description||:--------:|:---------|:-------|| servers| ""| Kafka server address.      || keyDeserializer| "org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringDeserializer"| The de-serialization implementation class for Key.      || valueDeserializer| "org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringDeserializer"| The deserialization implementation class for Value.      || groupId| "cloudopt"| Consumer group that consumer belongs to.      || offsetRest| "earliest"| The operation is performed when the offset exceeds the reasonable range (out ofrange).      || autoCommit| "false"|If true, the last message offset already acquired by the Consumer is updated periodically in zk.      || keySerializer| "org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringSerializer"| Key's serialization implementation class.      || valueSerializer| "org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringSerializer"| The serialization implementation class of Value.      || acks| "1"| 0 indicates that the producer does not have to wait for the leader's confirmation, 1 indicates that the leader needs to confirm the local log written to it and immediately confirmed, and -1 indicates that all backups are completed and confirmed. Only for sync.      |If you need to configure more things, you can configure it directly through KafkaManager.config. Please refer to the official Kafka documentation for specific parameter names.